When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

	A remote repository is very useful if I'm going to be working from different 
    	machines or with other people.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

	Sometimes I may not want to include some of the changes made remotely on
    	my local machine where my main project lives. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

	Fork: The ability to clone someone else's project from thier GitHub account 
		to mine.
		This is useful if I want to build on an existing project and/or
		take it in a new direction.
	Clone: The ability to copy an existing project to my local machine or Github 
		account.
		Same as forking with the addition of cloning to my local machine.
	Branch: The ability to take a project in a new direction without disrupting the 
		original direction. 
		A fork is essentially a branch.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

	It's a good way to see progress I've made since my last pull. Also, I can
	identify changes that other people may have made when I go to push or merge.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

	Without Git or GitHub, I could collaborate trough in-person meetings and
	other forms of communication. It would be easier to resolve conflicts and 
	avoid the the Git/GitHub learning curve. But, it would be hard becuase there
	would be too many things to keep track of. This would take time and focus away 
	from the project.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

	Making changes in a seprate branch allows me to test my new change and spot
	potential mistakes. It's more work upfront, but can save a lot of future issues.
